---
title: FAQ
---

## How much of my money supports the project directly?

When you donate money via donorbox on this website, your money goes directly to
Team Humanity on the ground in Greece. Every penny is used for the explicit
purpose of funding the Masks for Humanity project. The journey of your money is
as follows:

Team Humanity (on Lesvos, Greece), receive all the money generated from
donations. Subsequently, they use the money to ensure that the women producing
the masks are working under comfortable conditions and purchase all materials
needed to continue the production of masks. Once masks are ready to be sent off,
a small part of the donation goes towards covering shipping costs so the masks
can go where they are most needed in the US or Europe.

## How is environmental sustainability being considered regarding production of masks and the shipping of masks from Europe to the U.S.?

At Masks for Humanity we put a lot of consideration into making sure our work
has the smallest ecological footprint possible.

Our masks are washable and reusable, unlike the many single-use masks that are
being purchased around the globe. Thus, we contribute to minimizing the amount
of waste created in connection with the urgent need for PPE.

Our branded masks are being individualized with textile from discarded life
jackets found all over the island of Lesvos, which are otherwise adding to the
pollution of the environment on the island.

For the shipping of masks both in Europe and to the US, we purchase carbon
offsets through our shipping partner Flexport according to the pollution of each
shipments.

## I donâ€™t personally need a mask, but I still want to support the project. How can I do that?

You can easily support our work by making a donation through donorbox by
clicking right here: (link to donorbox).

If you're tight on funds, you can also support our work by spreading the word
about the project. You can do so by encouraging friends and family to donate by
sharing the link to our website on social media.

## I have some questions/concerns. To whom do I direct my feedback?

For any general inquiries please contact the project lead at hello@refugees.care

## Why don't you send masks to undeserved communities all over the world?

For the moment, we do not have the infrastructure to ship masks everywhere in
the world. Our network is based in Europe and the U.S., and so consequently we
are better equipped to provide support in those geographic areas.
